Readme for the CS framework - 05-Oct-2006
=========================================

Related documentation
=====================
How-Tos, FAQ, documentation, ...:
http://wiki.gsi.de/cgi-bin/view/CSframework/WebHome

Bug reports, feature requests, ...:
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cs-framework/

Download and Installation
=========================
Software is organized in packages and can be downloaded via SourceForge,
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cs-framework/. Unpackaging and
installation can be done using the package CSPackaging. Information about
_each_ package is contained in an XML file that is part of each package. 
Information about _all_ packages is contained in an MS-Exel sheet that
is part of the package CSPackaging.

License Agreement
=================
The  license agreement  for this  software  is contained  in the  file
license.txt that can be found in each package. Most of the software is
GPL licensed.

Bugs and Features 
=================
Please submit reports about  bugs or (un)funny features via
https://sourceforge.net/projects/cs-framework/

Prerequisites
=============
This software was developped  using LabVIEW from National Instruments.
However,  the minimum  requirement  is a  Full  Development System  of
LabVIEW.  Check the  description of  the individual  packages  for the
requirement of each package.

Password
========
Some  VIs  are  protected  by  a  password,  which  is "st".  This has
historic reasons  and it  was tried to  remove that password  from all
VIs. If  you detect a password  protected via within  the CS software,
you  may   remove  the  password   protection  and  send  me   a  note
(d.beck@gsi.de).







